syncv3: use RoomTypeFilter in sync filters (#1890)
ruma/ruma: crates/ruma-client-api/CHANGELOG.md

- The `content_disposition` fields of `media::get_content::v3::Response` and
  `media::get_content_as_filename::v3::Response` use now the strongly typed
  `ContentDisposition` instead of strings.

> - Change types of `SyncRequestListFilters::{room_types,not_room_types}` to

Reviewer: This is not a breaking change. The sync::v4 module is behind an `unstable-*` cargo feature.

  to send `Future` events and update `Future` events with `future_tokens`.
  (`Future` events are scheduled messages that can be controlled
  with `future_tokens` to send on demand or restart the timeout)
- Change types of `SyncRequestListFilters::{room_types,not_room_types}` to

>   `Vec<Option<RoomType>>` instead of a vector of strings

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  `Vec<RoomTypeFilter>` instead of a vector of strings
```

Author: Swear i did this already, thanks for catching
